So let's continue working.
And in the previous media show you have to have this same as dollars that you can print these using
percentage sort of the neck and crop insurance first and then I come in come in everything from here
and then I see these and Sharon I'm going to take these and you donate it and then I will commence and
because we're going to run again in these in these crook and we need to do have only one cold running.
And then when I show you how to improver this go to the next media so we're going to have fun.
Sean gallery nights.
But it's going to be really seemed that these functions are going to place these rescue and bodies that
have been said Brize the last one two and a half percent patch
so it could be in page right here.
It's going to be the same and it's going to be really similar to these when I'm going to copy some of
these and Eve also.
And we also need to get the prize.
And finally here were when I read the body of the function we're going to present sense that's going
to be the very well.
Here we are safe.
What did you see percentage as a variable.
So why don't I use some matte and I'm going out brother.
And then I use one of the methods and get the regular price is going to be my nose brother.
And we're going to use GET sale price
and he's going to read about it.
Brother
many parentheses here.
And here.
So this is going to be this operation is going to be done first and then the rest of this is going to
be the bited by the produce.
So we have broke in we're going to get regular price then we're going to add Apprentice's and we're
going to close.
So fearless is to execute these this operation and then the rest of it is going to be divided by the
regular price.
And finally the rest of this is going to be multiply it by 100 but what are going to use a function
called round to round this number this way get to an entire number.
So we're going to have that percentage and we're going to finish these out in the following code.
So it's going to be really similar to the other one we're going to Cubby's copy and paste in stead of
printing this same rate here we're going to put in this percentage right here and now we can say BS
and relo the front end and you can see we can say been in 9:29.
What where we can add something here.
After all these presenters we can to concatenate the value in what percentage Cirilo these and you can
see we have say 29 percent so if we open the shop in these women for example you get a clear and you're
going to you know we can say that the 3 percent.
So that's looking nice if we went to this place.
These come in dollars or if you want to display that is can you see in percentage.
Now you have the code to do something like that.
So in the next video we're going to apply the rule of one candidate.
If the product price is bigger than 100 we're going to bring the same as dollars and if they're broke
is less than one it like this one we're going on display the savings as percentage.